Feature/new templates (#3514)
GSA/data.gov: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/spike.md

---
name: Spike 
about: Research, design, investigate, prototype
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''
---

> # Purpose

Reviewer: Despite what the linter says, these have to be second-level since the rendered template appears in a page that already has an H1.
```suggestion
## Purpose
```

> In order to [goal], [stakeholder] wants [change].

Reviewer: We don't know exactly what change is needed when we're writing this, or we wouldn't be doing a spike/research story. Also it may turn into multiple issues by the time we're done. So omit the details of the change!
```suggestion
We want to [goal], but we're not sure how to do that.
```

Given above [question/risk/uncertainty], conducting [research/design/investigation/prototyping] is needed to provide factual knowledge on future steps.

[timebox] of effort has been allocated and once compete, findings will be demonstrated and specific future actions will be decided.

> ## Acceptance Criteria

Reviewer: Despite what the linter says, these have to be second-level since the rendered template appears in a page that already has an H1.
```suggestion
### Acceptance Criteria
```

[ACs should be clearly demo-able/verifiable whenever possible. Try specifying them using [BDD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavior-driven_development#Behavioral_specifications).]

- [ ] GIVEN [a contextual precondition] \
  [AND optionally another precondition] \
  WHEN [time box] expires\
  THEN [findings demonstrated] \

>   AND [future action decided]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  AND [future action is decided] \
  AND [stories covering future action are created if needed]
```

> ## Background

Reviewer: Despite what the linter says, these have to be second-level since the rendered template appears in a page that already has an H1.
```suggestion
### Background
```

[Any helpful contextual notes or links to artifacts/evidence, if needed]

> ## Sketch

Reviewer: Despite what the linter says, these have to be second-level since the rendered template appears in a page that already has an H1.
```suggestion
### Sketch
```

> [Notes or a checklist reflecting our understanding of the selected approach]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Notes or a checklist reflecting our plan for tackling the uncertainty]
```
